FIX TELEPOINTS:
Rerrange pointers immediately (try on summonball)
Have the teleport package be replaced with an execute that gives the package items after setting activator ro master

-Check maul charging state. apparently it can get stuck

-Check zombies health/painchance

-Maybe make crusaders betteR? order explosions?

-Redo teleporters code to work with the counts. Will have to do the pointer rearrangement and give to master to get this working. add a few tic buffer in spawn to prevent overflow

-user vars to track players progress. check if they keep after death on lms with lives

check mummy melee damage

-Make templars obese

USE GUI CODE TO FIX MANA REGEN
Get player number and check if its on/off upon death/respawn and make a mana script around your player number

turn on mana on enter, and off on death, and on again for respawn

 try field hero alive to tracer instead of master

	ConsoleCommand("cl_predict_players false");
	ConsoleCommand("cl_noprediction true");

-add piercing abilities
2. - Tradactus. (Change his health to 950 maybe? How much mage have?); *not sure. I thought i increased the hp before. Will have to loko at again
3. - Pain Elemental. (Made their melee dangerous, they always getting trouble because of that melee, or remove it completely);
Ok next section i don't know about. *good idea i think
4. - Sentinels (I don't know remember you or not, well maybe it's just me. I don't really care about them begin pushed, 
it's just unfair in big maps if they gets slowly pushed in fire state); *write new code to have them stop when in attack state
5. - Order Turrets (Add them explosion damage after death); *agreed
6. - Serpents (Increase their cost or lower their health because 525 for 15 regular mana, well compare to revenants you know, it's not really op but still); **check hp compared to templars and revs

set the target to master (transfer pointers)

add in herocount to cooldown images. contact big t

also apply upgrade to slime carriers

add numerical (or percentage) values for monsters health above head. Only visible to players whos monsters they spawn

remove soul blood

add impclaw from 302 CHAINGUNNERHEAD PLAYERBOOT MARINEHEAD  ZIMPHEAD SHOTGUYARM
SHOTGUYHEAD

add info about meteor altfire

When remaking monsters, dont rely on colors instead rely on assigning a user id to players and passing it down to the monsters.
EX: A bunch of scripts that mainly check for their custom ID vs players cvar id to be successful for not
could be applied to revive colors, retrofits, removals, teleports

make footsteps clientside like on monsters ex rebels, macil. this saves on bandwidth

Remake Revive scripts for arch vile. Increase what they can revive and increase their powers

use PlayerNumber and check team to give global cooldowns for tlms. maybe make a 3rd type of mana for teamplay only?

make global team mana like 1000/400 and 2x regen speed 

	will probably have to downsize remover balls on summoners
	
	VisibleToTeam for mapthings
	
	 VisibleToTeam team_number

    Renders the actor visible to players of a specific team. The actor's physics and
	code will act normally, however.
    Can be combined with VisibleToPlayerClass. Originally a Skulltag feature.

VisibleToPlayerClass classname[, classname2[, classname3[, ...]]]

    Same as VisibleToTeam, but for player classes.
    Can be combined with VisibleToTeam. Originally a Skulltag feature.
    Instead of just one class, a comma-separated list of classes can be given. 
	Note that this property uses inheritance, so if an actor is visible to class 
	DoomPlayer, it will be visible by all classes derived from DoomPlayer as well.
	
	
	
	ACTOR ZombieMarker : MapMarker 20500
{  
scale 0.25
States
{   
Spawn:
POSS A -1 Bright
stop
}
}
	
	^ maybe get activator id, check player id, then go away if it doesnt match
	
	


for last attempt, try spawning a dummy actor from the zombie,

make dummy actor clientside with multiple states
make dummy actor run a clientside script that has it jump states by doing an item check 

spawn a clientside item that does a consoleplayer check to remove itself or not



